so to answer that question I think it it it depends it depends on the
situation it depends on what needs to take place out of the leader in
that role and also depends on your experience and your knowledge of
the situation as well as the leaders of the senior petty officer's
knowledge and and experience in that situation to bridge that gap and
to move forward you have to communicate early in office and between
yourself and that senior petty officer to come to vote okay understanding
of of how he or she operates in the situation how you operate
in a situation it becomes like a a marriage relationship between
you two kind of like a you know Shaq and Kobe you know Jordan and Pippen
you know you work well together you learn each other and you kind
of know when and where he or she will be and what they'll say and
what needs to be see and vice versa for your yourself